What is Success? It’s Clearly Not Fortune or Fame. It’s Something Deeper.



Before you start reading this article I need to cover two things:
I truly want this article to inspire others so to get you in the right mindset please play the song above by Chris Coleman called Deeper. If you can, play it on repeat
think about your definition of success, what you are passionate about, and what life means to you, not the textbook definition

Finding Your Purpose in Life
In 2014, I graduated college with more student debt than the average salary I’d be making. It took me six years to get there and I still didn’t know what the hell I wanted to do with my life. I achieved a degree to start a successful life but instead of feeling relieved I felt lost. At graduation there was fear behind my smile.
Despite always being a positive and motivated person, I felt there was something wrong, something missing. Family and friends were so confident that I would live a successful life but only I could know that was true if I was doing what I really wanted to be doing.
At that moment, I wasn’t sure what I wanted to do. Or was that just post-graduation anxiety? Only time could tell, right?
Time: The One Thing We Cannot Control
It probably took you about twenty seconds to read the paragraph above. Twenty seconds of your life was spent listening to me. I bring this idea up of time because it’s precious. It’s the one thing we cannot control. I realized this at a very young age and despite this daunting fact I feel its what makes life have meaning.
I soon realized life has no purpose if you aren’t living your purpose. 
At the age of 24 I had yet to find mine. I had many many years to do it. I thought, what better way is there to discover yourself than to venture new paths so that I can discover myself and unveil my purpose? None! Like they say, you miss all the shots you don’t take or you don’t know what you don’t know. Instead of fearing failure I saw it as a form of motivation.
Time was ticking and I needed to start now!
From this point on I started to live my life abiding by this one rule to finding my purpose in life:
“Fail Fast and Learn Fast”
After college I:
continued working as a personal trainer at a corporate gym and quit after seven months because I wanted to make a larger impact by helping more people while having the freedom of running a business.
started an online and mobile personal training business. I learned there were limits to the amount of clients I could serve. I wanted to help more and more people but my business wasn’t a viable strategy to accomplish that.
had multiple ideas for mobile and web applications so I started to teach myself software engineering on the side while managing my business. It was very exciting to find something that has the potential to touch the lives of many people.

This was all in a span of two years.
With this as my guide I started seeing that emptiness I once had start to gradually get filled. I was able to see what I liked and disliked about current situations and direct myself in the right direction. Naturally I started to find myself gravitating towards something I felt connected with. It was a warmer place. Life became colorful and had more meaning to me.
Fortune Nor Fame
When I was a teenager I smirked the first time I heard that success is not measured by how much you make or how famous you are. I was unconvinced that people who were generating massive wealth like celebrities, CEO’s of big tech companies, and professional athletes, were not successful. It was comedic to me.
I was young. I didn’t understand. I always thought fortune and fame was what defined success.
It wasn’t  until after discovering myself I realized that fortune and fame is a bi-product of pursuing your passion, living your purpose, and contributing something valuable to others.
I believe success is this:
“the freedom to express yourself”
That’s it!
The Freedom To Express Yourself
Each time I learned more about myself I became more free. Doing what I loved and pursuing my passion was my definition of success. If you ask:
an artist what success is to them they’d say it would be creating their art
a musician what success is to them they’d say it would be composing and playing their music
a motivational speaker what success is to them they’d say it would be motivating others through the power of their words

Being able to express yourself is truly 
Just Try, Now, and You’ll Find Your Passion
